you will remember this as the day that
captain jack sparrow was almost arrested
[Music]
what's up my kids welcome one
more day to my channel last night we lived a
historic moment well a little while ago when i
was recording this video you
were watching this the next day
last night we lived one of those
historic moments that will remain in memory
not only on youtube and on the internet
but in all of hollywood history
last night well at 3 in the afternoon
american time they sentenced amber here to
pay johnny depp 15 million dollars
for defamation plus about 350 thousand
dollars in costs you know that
feeling where it seems like a case
that has nothing to do with you and you're
happy for someone's sake as if it
were even minimally your own good well i think i
feel that right now and i think
that many of the people who are
watching this video also feel the
same as me and that is that i am really
happy i am really happy with the
result of this verdict we're
talking about seven people who
have absolutely nothing to do with each
other in terms of ideology gender
ages have become
unanimously agree that these women are
liars, liars, defamers when we were
waiting for the
verdict, the truth is that I have always
wanted to consider the possibility that she
would be acquitted and that
Jon would be sentenced, even to pay costs because it is good and you
can see it in the first videos that I
made on the subject in most
cases it is very difficult to prove and that
the person who is
defaming is convicted, that they are slandering another
because it is not possible to prove malice
in their word or malice in their
intentions you can hold on to the fact that it is
one's word against the other's and
she considers herself mistreated but
in this case we have had
lots of surprises that would give me enough to
make another series of videos that would
take us a month and we do not want that
because soon we are going to have more cases and
now I explain all the lies that have
been demonstrated by
Amber and that I believe that women who
are like these, women who
use gender violence and take
advantage of society's sensitivity
with this scourge that  It is the
abuse of women or the abuse of
any person and that we all condemn
taking advantage of the hearts of
human beings to use them as a weapon and thus
get revenge out of spite or resentment. He
has a lot of hatred in the life of his
ex-partner ruining his entire life. A
man who has been working
all his life since he was very young
and who has achieved countless successes
so that simply the word of a
woman, the word of a lying woman, the
word of a slanderous woman,
ruins his career and takes away his life, a
life that I hope that Johnny will
immediately recover from now on. We are
talking about how we can call
this woman a defamer and a liar, who
apparently, well, in the
trial, it was talked about how she leaked
a video to the press in which she
remembered the part that did not interest her in
order to stop her partner from being violent. We
also saw how she called the
press for the villa to be on the street
six days after she was supposedly
hit with a bruise that
could be painted and that looks like it
was painted,
even drawn.  It could have been with which he
has seen what was seen and they took pictures of him
Boratto that the next day in other
photographs that were
really stolen he did not have now flirting he did not have
anywhere on his face he did not have the
same sad face and the only thing he did have
was the face as hard
as always a person who could be
on the team of the incredibles of Walt
Disney because he heals his wounds without going to the
doctor we are talking about bruises on
the face burst eyes
very broken noses and what the [ __ ] even bottles
inside his private parts that of
course he has very special private parts
that do not make a suction cup and that do not
bleed when they put a bottle in him all
this of course during his entire
abusive relationship and his entire
relationship with physical aggressions without
going to the doctor they seem to go to the
doctor in all these weeks of trial
we have not seen absolutely any
medical report of Ambergis and yet
I do not even know that he had to go to the doctor and
maybe he ended his relationship
earning 15 million dollars but
subtracting all the millions of dollars
that he has lost from jobs that he has
stopped  to do and the account continues to come
out negative specifically it is
negative because she is missing a piece of her
finger the jury I insist composed of
seven people men women of all
genders and even apparently of
various ethnicities has decided as a
proven fact that all of Amber's statements
that I did not even consider
defamation have been proven that they
are not only defamation but
have also caused irreparable damage
to Johnny's career and life and
that she did it with all the bad intentions
in the world this could perfectly
be based not only on the fact that the chick
called the press to leak
biased information but that she also
took advantage of strategies such as
the virality of the Aquaman ad two
jobs that she of course got for having been dating
and for having been
with Johnny of using the fame that has been
given to you to attack the person who
gave it to you I have seen has done more
occasions I hope that liars like
Amber instead of trying to do
mental gymnastics and come across as a clown to
defend the indefensible
learn from this case learn from how she
had to go out looking at the
floor when leaving the court and surely she
will  look at the ground for the
rest of your life if you have any
shame and take it as an example
to think about it the next time you're going to
use the mit movement to
ruin the life of an
innocent person yes an innocent person not one
of the statements he made to Amber not
one not one iota not a single insult not a
single not a single raising of
voice not a single abuse absolutely
and nothing that you have seen has told anything
absolutely has been accredited in
fact everything accredited was invented I know
that many of you will be thinking that
Warner and Disney are taking too long to launch
a public apology to the actor I think
that on Warner's part they will do it
I'm almost sure in fact in
fact I even think they will
take advantage of it at a marketing level and
launch an apology that will also
benefit them it would be foolish if they didn't
immediately hire Johnny Depp
to attract another installment of
Fantastic Beasts but sincerely I don't think that will
be the case with Disney Disney which by the way
made me put the media on
edge the other day with the new trailer
for Pinocchio  lie action that is sure to be
the best it promises a lot
seeing the trailer I love the likes
disney action but people are
angry because they have not put anything yet how do I
say this without offending and getting canceled
on twitter the blue fairy the famous
blue fairy from disney mythical disney icon
here is the blue star now in
black and shaved I don't know now in
will smith's wife of course I have
no problem that
people like that were made but this is not the
blue fairy icon of walt disney from the classic
this is forced inclusivity by cushion and
disney is not going to
publicly apologize to johnny even though they
are [ __ ] up their pants right
now and not because of the uo movement and
progressivism but because they have declared
in court that johnny was not
expelled from the company and from all the
pirates of the caribbean deliveries because of the
article and the things that were being
said about johnny therefore if
they apologized right now they
might even have legal problems
this girl when she left court
today looking at the ground it seems that he has
felt something similar to being 6
Lannister in Game of Thrones I don't know if you
will remember the scene of shame
shame shame and the whole town
repeating the same thing
sincerely I think that he deserves
much more there will be many people who say
that maybe it is too much that not even 1%
of what she was trying to
happen to Johnny Depp and the thing is that when
these types of characters use
something so sensitive and so reprehensible as
the abuse of a more vulnerable person
to screw up his life his career maybe
even put him in jail because why not and
put a label on him that he will not be able to
remove for life he is wishing that he ca
n't walk down the street because they are
accusing him of being an abuser that he loses his
job collaborations with the company and
not only what he may feel
but his family including his children I
think that them yelling shame
shame at you is quite mild for what he
deserves and I am not going to lie to you
maybe this is a first step
against this type of people who create
some kind of precedent but
honestly it is the first time that I see
that  a little bit of justice is done with
cases like this normally these types of
situations of false accusations
false complaints and things like that are not
even pursued I think that
these should be convicted automatically
without anyone having to spend a
fortune on a lawsuit and that they should be
convicted
the same as they are looking for their victim
because if people like me are not even
victims of these types of people they
are victims at the moment that they
condemn three or
four women in the media surely those who come
after will think twice and
maybe instead of dedicating themselves to this type of
nonsense they will dedicate themselves to working I am
recording this video right after
the verdict is over and in the time
that I have been recording the video Johnny Depp
has gained like two million
followers on his Instagram account in
fact in the last few days he has gained 6
million followers the support he is
receiving is brutal I think that what
Johnny did was not only a
judicial victory but it has clearly
also been a victory for the truth and
a social and media victory apart
from being a tremendous punch for all
those  that they didn't trust him a
man who lost his career his
life all the jobs he had done
during all those iconic years
because of the testimony of a woman
is not only a sentence for attacking
but it is also a sentence for the ACL
that sincerely should close the
shop and go to a lost island the
'Bermuda Triangle' or something
like that and all those pamphlets that
have supported him they are also
losers
a sentence for Amber but it is also
a sentence for all those who take
advantage and the true interests
of the movement omits the victims we must
always support them but whether they are
men or women in this case I will not even
be putting the first photo
of Sancho here, me or after winning and I will
even be putting a
video in which he is signing the
statement that he released on his
social networks six years ago my life the lives
of my children the lives of all those
close to me and also the lives of the
people who supported me and believed in
me changed forever everything in the
blink of an eye false and very
serious and  criminal accusations were
published in the media which set off
an endless chain of content with
it towards me although there were never any
charges against me this has already traveled
around the world twice in
a microsecond and had a very
big impact on my life and career and six years
later the jury gave me my life
back I am very grateful my decision
to pursue this case was made
knowing full well the weight of the
legal obstacles that I would
face as well as the inevitable
spectacle that the world would have on my
life it was one of very deep thought
from the beginning this objective of bringing
this case was to reveal the truth
regardless of the outcome speaking
the truth is something that I owed to my
children and all those who have
remained steadfast in their support of me
now I feel peace knowing that I finally
succeeded I am I have been very amazed
by all the amount of love and the outpouring of
support and kindness that I have received
all over the world I hope that my quest
to speak the truth will help other
men or women who may have
found themselves in a situation like mine
and that those who support them never
give up also I hope that
now the position is again that
you are innocent  until you are found
guilty both in court and in the
media I want it to be known of all the
noble work of the judge and the jury, the
people within the court and the
police officers who sacrificed their own
time to be able to get to this
point and now my diligent and steadfast
legal team who did an extraordinary
job in helping me get the truth out
the best is yet to come and
finally a new chapter in my life began
the truth never perishes Johnny Depp from
Johnny's statement I'm not going to comment on
anything but the statement from D.
Anvers and co. I have to say a couple of
things and that is that we are in shame
follows him but she is much
faster the disappointment I feel today is
beyond words I am
heartbroken that the mountain of
evidence was still not enough to
stand up to the power the disproportionate influence and
influence of my ex-
husband I am even more disappointed with what
this verdict means for other
women it is a setback it turns back the
clock to a time when a woman who
spoke out and spoke out openly could be
publicly shamed and humiliated it
sets back the idea of  that
violence against women must be taken
seriously i think johnny's lawyers
succeeded in getting the jury to overlook
the key issue of freedom of
speech and ignore the evidence that
was so conclusive that we won in the
uk i'm sad that i lost
this case but i'm even sadder
because it appears that i've lost a right i
thought i had as an
american to speak freely and
openly let's put aside for for for to
tell you something okay let's
put aside the fact that 15 and 9 that
i didn't even win the trial because of influence for
power for influence and for
patriarchy but the mountain to the
ovaries of saying that there was a mountain
of evidence against johnny aunt
we have directly seen a video of you
on television in which you claimed
llamas beating your chest no about 7
million no that they had donated about 7
million to sick children when it has
been proven in this trial that no he has not
donated just euros that you have
kept it all for yourself scoundrel in
fact one of the main strengths that was taken
into account in the trial countess
in the uk that there are still people who  she's
throwing it in my face that it wasn't even that
you were going to donate the money from that agreement,
not from that agreement, in fact there are many
people still saying the nonsense
that in the United Kingdom it was proven that I
was not even an abuser when in the United Kingdom
we were being judged, in the United Kingdom they
were judging whether a
publication, a sensationalist media outlet, would be convicted
of slander or not, Johnny was not
given a ton of evidence, that trial was
horribly organized but
he was not being convicted anyway, the way the deal was being dealt,
the magazine was being taken over for
defamation, clinging to things like they
had no intention of defaming and they
were clinging to the testimony of
hambre simn, which has later been
leaked that she, in a biased and interested manner,
was leaking to the press with
false things like citing
journalists on a street where
she was going to walk with a sad face and what
looked like a bruise painted on her face or
cut videos, I am sincerely
the fact that a person has been
proven in this trial in the United States that
all or almost all of the photographs that
has presented as evidence and as
evidence are retouched or passed through
some editing program I think that
simply with that it gave rise to the
case being closed to the
conviction of 100 million dollars and
why not that the days spent in
jail what a way to make fun of
justice is this for god and on top of that you are going to
have the balls to say that there is a
mountain of evidence' the mountain of
evidence was still not enough to
confront power I will be putting
on screen some of the progressives
non-progressives of twitter to dali is of
the morality that they are supporting amber with
arguments that they are directly
inventing or some are literally
saying I don't care about the verdict I am not
even an abuser I don't care about the
verdict for cult of the law to take for
complete 6 weeks of trial I don't care about
the verdict I am going to continue thinking or I don't
think but I am going to continue saying what
comes out of my balls here is someone
who is telling you I wish Johnny
Depp would give a statement now
waiving all damages from amber
here saying that it was never about the
money urging the trolls to back off
and wishing the best for her because the
truth is that it would be great
sincerely it would be a very generous act
and I wouldn't be surprised if she did it
in fact I think it has been gone ahead
because I wouldn't be surprised if I didn't do it we
're talking about
Johnny's net worth being over 100
million dollars surely he was going to
put it up and give the millions that he's going to
take because it doesn't mean anything to him it would be the same thing it would be a
good idea and it would be a
good way to take the pants lower the
tape and put it on the table and break the
table for all the progressives this already
to see if they take the 8 million
or the 7 million or whatever it is that anv
he didn't give to the sick children but it
is accurate to say it to
use it use the sick children
saying that they have donated something that they have not
donated to clean your image well not
clean it because she didn't have it dirty
to put a medal on yourself that you don't
need it or rather not as if she
needed it no  you did it because you are like this
because you are that type of person in
Spain we don't have any youtuber or
journalist or anything like that supporting
Amber the closest thing we have is
Felipe 360 defending Amber and in my own way
giving likes to all these tweets in which
Amber is defended without
comments I will also be putting on
screen some of the images
that have moved the world of
ion lawyers who have done an
impeccable job, that is to say unbeatable I
believe that these people already have the
prestige earned for life of how they
are hugging each other in court and how they
are showing
affection and the appreciation that they have for each other
professionally after the victory not
after the bones read them the
verdict this tweet from the elders
almost every time they could give it to Amber
at this moment the lawyers show an
audio where ANV choose tells him that nobody is going to
believe him because he is a man tell the
world me nor me johnny depp a man I am a
victim of domestic violence and let's see
who believes you
and
[Music]
favorite
inside the best
sexual record balance in  Facebook
sexual on Facebook rating culture let's
destroy they prohibit today the message of
admission in being
this should
be and it's a matter of seeing
false websites among the elementary questions
of waist invitation having studied in
being it is already a matter of maturn television it is
difficult to
understand
in being jazz
and being jazz as has become clear the
part that sued Johnny Depp all
the claims have been estimated and
all the things that he pointed out as
information have been verified in the
counterclaim of the three requests
that they asked to see one has been accepted
for that reason the verdict asks for two
million not in compensation for damages to the
honor that he has suffered but because it is
an assessment of something that is
considered defamatory for
statements that I don't even know nor does
the lawyer make them the lawyer this
United Kingdom that percent will be
celebrating the horned
celebrating the victory of Jong and of
course as it could not be otherwise
regarding Amber's counterclaim they
conclude the following let's see he failed to
prove that these two statements by
Johnny Depp's lawyer Adam Watman are
false amber here and her friends in the
media use false accusations of
sexual violence as a sword and shield
depending on their needs they take their
facts okay this defamation is not only
that it has not been proven that what
the lawyer johnny says here is
totally true it has to be demonstrated
in the trial we have reached the beginning of the
end of the deception of abuse of the lady
yesterday against johnny depp absolutely
nothing and what he did manage to prove let's see
what if the jury has considered
defamatory on the part of that lawyer
representing johnny would be the
following simply this was an
ambush a deception they set a
trap for the man by calling the police
but the first attempt was unsuccessful
the officers went to the penthouses they
searched and interviewed them thoroughly and
left after seeing no damage
to his face or property so
his friends came spilled some
wine and messed up the place they
clarified their stories under the
direction of a lawyer and a publicist
and then made a second call to
911 these are some statements that
the lawyer makes they have considered
defamatory but I really don't understand
why this is being  referring to this
episode of the attic in which
the police come first do you remember didn't we
were talking about it in one of the
videos with the camera on the chest and all that no they don't
see any damage and then on the
second visit we make another second
visit because there is a photo what a
hunger for the present also not with
damage no she says that she
cleaned everything just before coming to the
police a roll no I don't know why they have
considered this inflammatory because they
really don't stop they get
the sentences erased these Americans do
n't stop to argue and the
truth is that according to the stories that they have
told everything pointed to this being the case
but I imagine that since it can't be
proven then it can't be affirmed either
that Amber and her friends simulated
crimes simulated in a destruction in the
house I don't understand I really don't
understand because honestly what I'm
telling you the police and everyone who
went up to Arber's environment at that
time not only did not see damage
in the house but they also didn't see
marks on his physique and in fact in the
videos and the photographs in  the ones that
appeared damaged and then there were
things like glass that suddenly
weren't broken I don't know it's very strange but
well the law must be respected in all
senses and it has been considered that
this is an affirmation that cannot be made
well listen okay I think be
careful and in Amber's appeal it doesn't
go against her and this appeal doesn't come back
against her because surely
what she said is going to be peeled and
dismissed in this part because
I see this part as delicate and nothing family I'm
going to leave it here I am delighted to have
brought the subject with you
thanks to the almost 20,000 people who
have arrived new to my channel this
month thank you very much from the bottom of my heart I hope you
continue to accompany us in all the in a
row and in all the moves that
we comment on in fact this subject I don't think it will
end here in fact I tell you
now comes the extension and the penalties will
come her appeal we will be
commenting these days also the
reactions of the celebrities who are
supporting Johnny the reactions that he
makes to Amber  because in fact
a rumor has come out but it is exclusive but the
reliable rumor is that they have seen that she is going to give an
interview, they have just convicted you pretty
be careful with what you say in the
interview but yes apparently in the
next few days or next week
Amber is going to give an interview in which she is
going to whine for that I think that is what
bullfighting is about and grab or yes be careful
with the Marilyn Manson issue that is
coming soon you know I was
commenting in a video everything that had
happened in the Marilyn Manson issue I was
talking about the demand for
information that Marilyn has put forward and not
only that but today we have had
the
exclusive news porte meseta look
where that the police are not only not
seeing clues in the investigation
okay there are no clues that this
man committed the crime but
also there are flaws in the credibility of the
victims who are accusing
Marilyn watch out when the trial comes for
information in which Marilyn is
denouncing these people because
everything points to the fact that it is going to be something similar and in
fact some of them are friends  Amber so
getting ready I recommend you watch the video I made by the way I'll soon make a second part if you want family as I said okay I'm going to leave you with some steps for you to enjoy and finish reaching the ecstasy of happiness see you tomorrow in the
next video don't forget to subscribe
if you want to keep track of me I'm on
twitter I'm on instagram I'm
everywhere I'm omnipresent and I'll see you
in the next family video goodbye
[Music]
a compass that points us north
is not made of wood I can't believe it
without a doubt he is the worst pirate I've ever heard of
but he has heard of me
[Music]